[Music]
sixteen driving hacks from experienced
drivers
are you an experienced driver then you
surely know that having a car is not
easy you have to deal with many little
problems all the time at the scratch
here window crack there you also have to
watch out for the safety of your car do
you want to learn how to keep your
coffee cup safe at speed to make your
life easier we collected some tips that
are useful for both beginners and
professionals please give us a like for
our efforts and tell us about your
driving habits in the comments section
below 16 nail polish can almost hide a
small scratch on the car's body now the
biggest problem here is to find a nail
polish tone that matches the color of a
car but with the current abundance of
this beauty product variations it's not
going to be hard well
after you find the perfect match put
some on the scratch after the nail
polish dries just buff the scratch a
little to make it smooth 15 clear nail
polish can stop a windshield crack yeah
you see this nail stuff is helpful if a
rock hits your windshield and made a
deep crack over time it will only get
bigger and bigger it's a combat such
cracks use clear nail polish put two or
three layers on the crack and it will
stop the crack from growing
14 turn the steering wheel when you need
to leave the car you've probably had
this unfortunate situation
you park your car in hot weather and
leave it for just five minutes though
when you come back and ouch that
steering wheel is already too hot to
touch to avoid this turn the steering
wheel 180 degrees when leaving the car
the part you use to drive will stay in
the shadow 13 get rid of the bright Sun
[Music]
this is a famous pilots trick in order
not to get blinded by the Sun take an
acrylic sheet and put it on the
windshield acrylic is easily attached to
the windshield
thanks to static electricity and it
protects your eyes from ultraviolet rays
very well 12 a bay leaf to prevent car
sickness if you've got a long road ahead
of you and you're worried that you might
get carsick there's a fantastic solution
you may be surprised but you just need
to put a bay leaf under your tongue
it contains special chemicals that relax
the stomach and the nervous system 11 a
smart sunglasses holder are you one of
those people who doesn't know where to
put their sunglasses in the car there is
just the place put them on the Sun Visor
this way you'll make sure your glasses
won't fall on a bumpy road you can also
put your parking ticket there to keep it
safe
10 a lemon helps to prevent drowsiness
while driving unexpectedly but some
citrus fruits work just like a cup of
coffee if you're feeling a bit drowsy
when driving put a piece of lemon under
your tongue this will wake you up very
quickly but still we don't recommend you
to drive when your time 9 enhanced cup
holder this advice will come in handy to
those who find that their cup holder
isn't reliable enough put a little
silicone cupcake case on the bottom of
the cup holder this way your coffee cup
will be secured inside and all the
little pieces of trash will be in the
case additional bonus cleaning the cup
holder will be much easier 8 hang a
tennis ball in the garage this trick is
especially useful for people who have
only been driving for a short time a
tennis ball hanging in the garage can be
a point which shows that a wall is near
the ball will help you to feel the car
size more easily so you won't drive
further than necessary hit the like
button right now we've got a couple more
cards of our sleeve 7 check the oil
quality
now there's a special way to check the
quality of the oil in the engine and
you're perfectly capable of doing it
yourself beat the engine for five to ten
minutes and cut the ignition off open
the hood and put a couple of oil drops
onto a sheet of paper carefully take the
sheet in a warm place and wait for two
hours for the oil to drop after that
check the result if the edges of the
spot are smooth it means there's no
water in the oil the oil is good if the
center is darker gray the oil is too
dirty it's time to change it if metal
parts can be seen on the paper it means
that some internal car parts are being
damaged you are using low quality oil a
light gray or brown circle means there
are some particles in the oil that don't
dissolve the oil should be changed 6
check the gas quality put a drop of gas
on a white sheet of paper blow on it and
wait for the drop to evaporate if the
paper is perfectly white after the
experiment it means that you're using
good quality guess if there's a greasy
spot it means there's some kerosene on
the gas this is how you can check your
gas for resin put a drop of gas on a
glass and set it on fire
after the drop burns check the color of
the circles around it if they are white
there's no resin in the gas if they are
brown there's enough resin to damage the
engine seriously maybe it's time to
change the type of gas you use if you
were wondering how to check if any water
was added to the gas here's the way
pour some gas into a transparent jar and
add a little manganese solution check it
well and check the color if the
manganese crystals dissolved and the gas
became purple or pink yep right it means
that water was added to it five super
fast car ventilation the car left on the
parking lot became too hot you were
transporting gourmet French cheeses
inside and now it's a bit too smelly for
your liking
well don't worry we've got a perfect
solution for both of these problems open
the door and one of the front windows
then open and close the door on the
opposite side of the car do it a couple
of times this trick helps to cool down
the car quickly and it also gets rid of
unpleasant smells easily for use static
electricity to fight with your pets hair
if you want a pet you know how hard it
is to get rid of their hairs which seem
to be everywhere but especially on the
car carpets all you need is a pair of
latex gloves
put them on and rub your gloved hands
against the carpet it'll create static
electricity which in turn will help pet
hair to resurface afterwards you can
easily remove it using a vacuum cleaner
or just your hand 3 how to avoid car
doors is freezing
as easy as pie put cooking spray on all
the inside rubber parts and then wipe it
off it'll save you a lot of time in cold
weather to use potato not to let your
car windows fog perhaps everyone is
familiar with the situation when the
windows in the car start fogging from
the inside to prevent such a situation
you need to cut a potato make sure it's
clean in two parts then rub the potato
on the windows from the inside and let
them dry 1 a road trip with kids do you
often travel with your children use a
shower organizer to keep everything you
need on the way from diapers to bottles
with water and some games just fix it to
the seat in front of you and enjoy your
organized ride do you use any of these
tricks when driving do you know others
let us know in the comments below and
please hit the like button if this video
gets 50,000 likes will tell you about 10
things you're not allowed to do on a
road trip join us on the bright side of
life
[Music]